[Excel] (Comments) Add comment events article section (#2245)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-comments.md

});
```

> ## Comment events

Reviewer: How do we reconcile this section with the [Excel events](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/excel/excel-add-ins-events) article? At minimum, we should link to it to help demonstrate the patterns.

Author: After reviewing the Events article, I think linking to it from this article section would be helpful. I'm also considering adding a line to the Events article that links to this Comment events article section.

Your add-in can also listen for comment additions, changes, and deletions. [Comment events](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#event-details) occur on the `CommentCollection` object. To listen for comment events, first register the `onAdded`, `onChanged`, or `onDeleted` comment event handler. When a comment event is detected, use this event handler to retrieve data about the added, changed, or deleted comment. 

### Comment addition events 

> The `onAdded` event is triggered when a new comment is added to the comment collection. The following sample shows how to register the `onAdded` event handler and then use this event handler to log the added comment's metadata. This sample assumes only a single comment has been added. 

Reviewer: Nit: consider framing the "This sample assumes only a single comment has been added" line as a note. There are other places in the docs we say "Note that this sample..." and I think that similar verbage is warranted here. I also wonder if it's worth pointing out the subtle distinction that it's not so much that the sample "assumes" a behavior, but rather it only works for a single comment addition.

> The `onAdded` event is triggered when a new comment is added to the comment collection. The following sample shows how to register the `onAdded` event handler and then use this event handler to log the added comment's metadata. This sample assumes only a single comment has been added. 

Author: How does this sound? I'm not sure how to incorporate the multiplicity. 

The following sample shows how to register the `onAdded` event handler and then use the [CommentAddedEventArgs interface](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentaddedeventargs) to retrieve the `commentDetails` array of the added comment.

```js
Excel.run(function (context) => {
    var comments = context.workbook.worksheets.getActiveWorksheet().comments;

    // Register the onChanged comment event handler.
    comments.onChanged.add(commentChanged);

    return context.sync();
});    

function commentChanged() {
    Excel.run(function (context) => {
        // Retrieve the changed comment using the comment ID.
        // Note: This method assumes only a single comment is changed at a time. 
        var changedComment = context.workbook.comments.getItem(event.commentDetails[0].commentId);

        // Load the changed comment's data.
        changedComment.load(["content", "authorName"]);

        return context.sync().then(function () {
            // Print out the changed comment's data.
            console.log(`A comment was changed. ID: ${event.commentDetails[0].commentId}`. Updated comment content: ${changedComment.content}`. Comment author: ${changedComment.authorName}`);
            return context.sync();
        });
    });
}
```

### Comment deletion events

> The `onDeleted` event is triggered when a comment is deleted from the comment collection. Once a comment has been deleted, its metadata is no longer available. The `commentId` is still available after a comment is deleted.  

Reviewer: The "still available" note might be a little misleading, since it's only provided in the EventArgs and not available elsewhere. Maybe we can describe the use case a bit more? Maybe something like "The `CommentDeletedEventArgs` provide the comment IDs, in case your add-in is also managing individual comments."?

});
```

## Comment events

> Your add-in can listen for comment additions, changes, and deletions. [Comment events](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentcollection#event-details) occur on the `CommentCollection` object. To listen for comment events, register the `onAdded`, `onChanged`, or `onDeleted` comment event handler. When a comment event is detected, use this event handler to retrieve data about the added, changed, or deleted comment. The `onChanged` event also handles comment reply additions, changes, and deletions. 

Reviewer: Can we add a line to this overarching section about multiple comments? Something like "Each comment event only triggers once when multiple additions, changes, or deletions are performed at the same time. All the `Comment*EventArgs` objects contain arrays of comment IDs to map the event actions back to the comment collections."

See the [Work with Events using the Excel JavaScript API](excel-add-ins-events.md) article for additional information about registering event handlers, handling events, and removing event handlers. 

### Comment addition events 

> The `onAdded` event is triggered when a new comment is added to the comment collection. This event isn't triggered when replies are added to a comment thread. See [Comment change events](#comment-change-events) to learn about comment reply events.

Reviewer: A couple suggestions:
- Make it clear this event works on multiple comments at a time.
- Consider making the reply part as more of a note about the first sentence.
```suggestion
The `onAdded` event is triggered when one or more new comments are added to the comment collection. This event is *not* triggered when replies are added to a comment thread (see [Comment change events](#comment-change-events) to learn about comment reply events).
```

> [!NOTE]
> This sample only works when a single comment is changed. 

```js
Excel.run(function (context) {
    var comments = context.workbook.worksheets.getActiveWorksheet().comments;

    // Register the onChanged comment event handler.
    comments.onChanged.add(commentChanged);

    return context.sync();
});    

function commentChanged() {
    Excel.run(function (context) {
        // Retrieve the changed comment using the comment ID.
        // Note: This method assumes only a single comment is changed at a time. 
        var changedComment = context.workbook.comments.getItem(event.commentDetails[0].commentId);

        // Load the changed comment's data.
        changedComment.load(["content", "authorName"]);

        return context.sync().then(function () {
            // Print out the changed comment's data.
            console.log(`A comment was changed. ID: ${event.commentDetails[0].commentId}`. Updated comment content: ${changedComment.content}`. Comment author: ${changedComment.authorName}`);
            return context.sync();
        });
    });
}
```

### Comment deletion events

> The `onDeleted` event is triggered when a comment is deleted from the comment collection. Once a comment has been deleted, its metadata is no longer available. The [CommentDeletedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentdeletedeventargs) provide comment IDs, in case your add-in is managing individual comments.

Reviewer: Consider referring to the `EventArgs` as an object to avoid some clunky grammar questions.
```suggestion
The `onDeleted` event is triggered when a comment is deleted from the comment collection. Once a comment has been deleted, its metadata is no longer available. The [CommentDeletedEventArgs](/javascript/api/excel/excel.commentdeletedeventargs) object provides comment IDs, in case your add-in is managing individual comments.
```
